what is the second day of worlds groups
I'm here right now with coverage
presented by mobile it ecstatic to ex
smithy himself now xmithie are you
worried because what I have noticed is
that na LCS teams their games are so
boring you know like it just standard
methodical you know like it's I know
where this is going and so I'm just
worried the two fans are gonna start
tuning out whenever you guys are just
like slowly cautiously winning the game
at all times there's no excitement
they're still high you and TSM it's just
nothing right I mean it's gotta do what
you gotta do yeah yeah I mean we were
thinking about like swapping actually
we're doing it like Gallio or Nocturne
or something like but I think gigabyte
mean solar do that that's their thing no
I mean okay so I assume you guys watched
the TSM game yeah we did and then you
guys were like that looks like fun let's
also have a really weird back-and-forth
game right um yeah I think my game just
like it made me realize that like
there's still like nerves for like our
team I guess like everyone's just like
no one no one's just like losing in that
confidence yeah like like we did in in
this play yeah yeah yeah what is it is
it the international stage that's giving
you guys jitters or what do you think it
is that's preventing you guys from
playing with confidence um well it's I
think it's like only and it's totally
Olien Cody's like first world's
appearance
I think flame - I think he's so I think
it was a sub for LGD and they got
limited one yeah
and yeah just like any of you gene like
he hasn't played in the world for like
almost two years so everyone just trying
to get in there grieve no nothing really
like balls yeah I guess just like
everyone's just like trying to play it
really safe and we're gonna talk about
it again
so hopefully is gonna get better yeah
now how yeah is it gonna get better
because right now like it is true that
North America at least has won the two
games today obviously losses yesterday I
think a lot of fits are quite honestly
worried about our chances at Worlds
based off of this but do you think that
it like the teams can start to turn
around
and also do you think it's similar like
what do you think it was with tsm's game
earlier today um I think Tim's comp was
like like they had to do it cause like
they got really behind early and then
they were late game team comp so they
had to like play really safe for us it
was just mainly um yeah like I said
before like um we could have made more
plays early but we just did it just
because we were too scared or like it
wasn't it wasn't like oh for sure
skirmish for example was just like yeah
just mainly knows who is the more scary
team to you now fnatic or gigabyte
Marines um I guess it's just like give
up marine just cos like you don't know
really know whether they're gonna do
next they probably have a lot more
innovative strategies for Jesus oh
that's like saying alternative fact is
like that's like cheese seriously yeah
so I mean what do you think that you
could have won that game yesterday that
fnatic lost um well yeah I'm biased now
since like I already know what they're
gonna do but yeah I think when I just
didn't expect but what what happened
like didn't like gala was like level 1
for like a while then it was is level 1
for all but it's just like um it just
comes down to experience I think which
fnatic should have had but mmm the more
experience you have in the game like the
less problem you're gonna be surprised
about anything how much of a fanatic do
you think relies on reckless because it
felt like that game like you know
reckless would just show up and if you
got the right angle people will just
start dying do you think that right now
especially with the bot lane focus
matter like they are like it's kind of
like a protect the reckless deal with
them I mean yeah like that game they won
and loss of the reckless so like but
yeah he just played really over
aggressive sometimes like overpass it
like over to passive yeah I think maybe
it might be nurse for them to I think is
like rocks that might be like their
first rose to you so like caps to like I
think everyone's just trying to find the
groove right now yeah that's fair
now how has all this travel been going
for you because I remember the last time
I interviewed
you I was yes exactly you were I was
like how excited you got to do the stuff
if you're just like oh but but how are
you guys holding up on it um well Korea
was okay I guess we just boot camp like
this is my that was my third boot camp
in Korea nothing special more so like
you is it helpful because any teams are
all right they always come back
afterwards anything like I don't know if
a name if it's it's helpful yeah like as
will be lost
usually we after we say that it's like
we lost in groups like they really
helped so like maybe when if we got to
semi-finals this time like I'll probably
say that it was pretty good
yeah very good Hey final question I was
talking to dodo before the game and we
were discussing recklessness huge fan
club do you know this he's got like a
huge Chinese fan club I know there was
like reckless like in def like the thing
before I didn't know that he had like a
big thang yeah it's a huge fan club and
so yeah wait what's using okay I did see
a framed picture of you and Sauron so
like I don't know if if you is that the
European boys get you excited yeah
either way so dota and I were curious do
you feel like you have a really big fan
club here in China lots of fan girls I
don't think ever thanked open any any
region why is that why is it I mean my
social media games not that big so
though am I we talked about this before
this year you've been posting more
photos I have nothing else to do so like
here at Worlds yeah but like I have a
lot of downtime while you're like well I
don't have a lot of dance how much I
just sleep like instead of sleeping I do
muscle Samhita game so so anything that
you want to say to North America the
people who are hopeless or worried are
concerned about North America chances
can you give any can you be a bright
light to them and this moment of concern
I mean if you guys don't have faith the
way guys even here bring back the old
beams the vintage dreams for worlds 2017
thanks so much for the interview
for every else you can check out the
rest of our coverage of all things
worlds right here on my youtube channel
thanks so much for watching that
interview fun fact our morals is
actually sponsored by
oh man by HP fantastic but they also
hooked me and my producer up with some
cool gear before world so that we can
get you guys even better coverage I also
want to give a shout out to mobile Linux
who's my coverage sponsor for this whole
event they are all about helping you
improve your game by identifying your
personal strengths and weaknesses in
League of Legends
so you can get even better please be
sure to check them out over at mobile
xgg / Travis